# FossilCarbon
# Data 
All data related to Exiobase datasets (except deflator data, waste coefficients, and lifetime data) were obtained through https://zenodo.org/record/3583071#.X0jqmGjVJPZ and https://zenodo.org/records/10148587. Other files were directly obtained through the Exiobase team.
'Carbon Content.xls' holds the fossil carbon content of all products listed in different MT-HSUT accounts in Exiobase 3
'Concordance.xlsx' is the concordance for country orders between hybrid and monetary SUT tables.
'Deflator2011base.xlsx' is the deflator data from Exiobase 3 team, with base year converted to 2011, also adjusted the countries to the ordering of the monetary dataset.
'Figure 1 - gh.xlsx', 'Figure 2 -gh.xlsx','Figure 3', and 'Figure 4 -gh' hold the intermadiary data to construct figures 1-4.
'discharge.m' is the matlab code to estimate the discharge of fossil carbon in durables for 1995-2019.
'Lifetime_funct_all_exiobase.xlsx' has the lifetime distribution data of all products in exiobase.
'MR_HSUTs_2011_v3_3_18_stock_to_waste.csv' is the data for estimating the amount of waste generated by previously accumulated stocks.
'MR_HSUTSs_2011_v3_3_18_waste_coefficients.xlsx' is the data used to decompose heteregneous machinery and motor vehicles to their distinct material types.
'MR_HSUTs_2011_v3_3_18_extensions.xlsx' holds the raw data related to Exiobase 3 extension accounts 
'Classifications_v_3_3_18.xlsx' has the necessary information to classify countries, products, and sectors.
'MR_HUSE_2011_v3_3_18_13.csv' contains the inter-industry transactions in hybrid units.
'exio_transfer_coeff.xlsx' holds the data regarding embodied materials in activities/processes in Exiobase 3.

